Prepare docs for 3.5 (#20852)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/prev_api_changes/api_changes_3.5.0/behaviour.rst

Behaviour changes
-----------------

First argument to ``subplot_mosaic`` renamed
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Both `.FigureBase.subplot_mosaic`, and `.pyplot.subplot_mosaic` have had the

> first positional argument renamed from *layout* to *mosaic*. As we are
> considering consolidating the *constrained_layout* and *tight_layout* keyword
> arguments in the Figure creation functions of `.pyplot` into a single *layout*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first positional argument renamed from *layout* to *mosaic*. As we have 
consolidated the *constrained_layout* and *tight_layout* keyword
arguments in the Figure creation functions of `.pyplot` into a single *layout*
```
